OK we'll come back.
So today we're going to go ahead and dwell on the subject of routing and navigation.
So what is routeing.
Well you're basically tying certain contents of our side to certain rails and navigation Well basic
site navigation I mean movement within the site for example you click on a button and it takes you somewhere
else.
Click on a link on the site and it takes you somewhere else on that particular site or just moving from
one place to the other on the site.
So now what we shall do is split the home page and the account page.
So thus far we have this account page but we would like to have a landing page which would be a home
page and then we will have the account page separately.
What will we need to achieve this.
Well first off we will require a home component.
This will be the component that will be shown on the default route.
So when you just open up this site with the basic address of the site that will load and then we need
the account component which will be separate from this that will show the accounts as they are now as
you can see them on the site.
Now you probably have a link or something like that that leads to the account page and the app component
will basically display the base content and within it routed and we Tennet basically router will be
inserting content on demand.
So I don't know you have some sort of static content on every site like the nav bar and the footer.
Those usually remain throughout all the sites that get loaded.
And that's something that we will leave here as well to be the app component.
And then in the end then but then within the app component site content will be uploaded via the router.
OK so let's go ahead and do it and hopefully things will become clearer then.
First off we're going to go ahead and move the app component.
CSSA the M-L and D.S..
So we're going to go ahead and cut this and go into the account and then paste it here
case count.
There we go.
So we have pasted all three of them.
Now let's go ahead and rename them
rename and this will become a cow just substitute app with accounts sort of count and this one
count and the final one.
There we go.
So that's all you need to do in terms of renaming and moving.
Now we need to modify them to an extent.
Now we need to go ahead and write
one more.
Sorry about that.
Now we need to go ahead and just modify them we need to modify the DML and t s Ok.
So the HD M-L we just need to delete certain things like come on from here like just go ahead and delete
this and then down below we will just go ahead and delete this or just do a little bit of formatting.
We can leave it like this.
OK.
Next up what we need to modify is the app component that D.S. And of course keep on saving the changes
and app component.
Yes.
OK so you can see that the Pats have become in a valid case so let's just do some deleting.
That's all that we need to really do here.
And the paths will become valid again since we have been moving files around and renaming them
k now just save it and let's go ahead and continue downwards.
So here under selector this is not strictly mandatory but let's just type it in any way counts.
And we're going to leave that there.
So just go ahead and fix the path here so it's app app not here sorry.
Template you are l.
So app slash account slash
account dot component that etched your metal and down below again pretty much the same thing.
Can slash count.
OK so we're just modifying the paths.
And here we're going to just go ahead and we named this as well
count.
Excellent.
So that would be it in terms of changes here.
That's all we need to modify there.
Now we need to go ahead and create a home folder inside the app folder.
So inside the Apfel folder just go ahead and create a new folder and go ahead and name at home.
And within the home folder we're going to need to create things for files.
Or two files doesn't really matter.
I'll just check my notes for that.
And let's go ahead and type in home dot ups.
Component dot D s and we're going to go ahead and create the new file which will be a whole dot
component and HDMI.
OK.
And now we need to go ahead and create the app component TS and app component dot HD or else since we
have moved from
dog TS and we're going to go ahead and create a new file here which will be
pertinent dot h t m l.
There we go.
So we have recreated this one and this one which we have moved and renamed and we have created these
two new files as well.
So we need to basically populate them with some sort of content and that is something that we can go
ahead and proceed to do.
Now the home component that HD email see this one come on.
Yep.
So this is fairly short you just type.
I'm just going to go ahead and type it and I'm not going to take it from my notes.
I'm just going to tape here.
Well
welcome to personal finance and this is going to be one and down below typing in three this is.
This is the home component's.
Poland just put a dot there shall we.
Three.
And there you go.
So that's all we really need to do there now.
The TS is slightly more complex so we'll need to add a few more things here so import will just need
to conduct our standard imports.
So this is nothing new that we haven't done before.
Basically So these are all the things that we have done before.
New keyboards hate changing keyboards angular slash core.
Do you remember Angella core from before one we've actually conducted the updates.
From K and now we're going to go ahead and type in app component
so we need a simpler selector and we're going to do it at home.
And template you are also played or l
be kind.
Let's maintain consistency with our coding style slash Home
Rule just a bit of a spelling mistake there.
Bomb dot component at each DML
and that's it.
They're just going to go ahead and export class home component and we're going to leave it empty like
this.
Later on we will be populated with additional things.
OK so now we have app component that we have our component of TS.
Let's go ahead and recycle some of the code from here.
Let's go ahead and capitis and go into the app component.
Yes.
Save us a little bit of typing so selector shall be changed to my dash app template.
You are shall be changed to app that component out HDMI.
And we all need to add the tile your el
or else.
So here it's going to be up slash up to component part C S S K and export Class AB components which
just need to rename.
Now you just need to read agent to app component there we go.
So just save it.
And this one needs to be saved.
Well I couldn't save it.
My apologies for that.
And I think that should be it.
Have we modified this one.
So let me just go ahead and check my notes.
Yep we need to modify this one as well.
So what we need to do is delete this.
Well maybe that can basically leave it let's just delete this part that I've tagged for myself but I
don't think it should have any problems either way.
So control less save.
And that's it.
So these are older modifications that you need to do in preparation for the separation of the home page
from the account page going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and we shall see each other in the
follow up story or hopefully.